Weather Report for Aug. 25th 2020 as reported by Eric, the handsome dude.
    Partly Cloudy in Orem, UT with a high of 95 degrees fahrenheit. Might as well be 200 degrees the way it feels.
    Apparently there are supposed rainshowers to appear but that seems highly doubtful.
Anyways, that's the weather. This has been Eric, the handsome dude, committing and saving.

Weather Report for Aug. 26th 2020 as reported by Eric, the suffering in this weather (wheather) dude.
    Today's weather report is slated to top out at 95 degrees fahrenheit and at the time of writing this, was a toasty 86 degrees fahrenheit.
    No clouds are supposed to come in at any point during the rest of the day however temperatures can be expected to remain high thorughout the day with evening temperatures in the low 80's and it only cooling off to the high 60's at night.
Anyways folks, that's the weather. This has been Eric, the suffering in this weather dude, committing and saving.

Weather Report for Aug. 27th 2020 as reported by Eric, the pretty tired dude.
    Today's weather report is expected to reacha  high of 95 degrees fahrenheit. We've seen this temperature so much now I'm actually beginning to think the thermometer is broken.
    During the morning hours expect to see light clouds and expect high 70's. By afternoon we will reach our hottest temps and by night we're back to the mid 70's and low 60's.
That's today's weather. This has been Eric, the pretty tired dude, committing and saving.

Weather Report for Aug. 30th 2020 as reported by Eric, the missed a few days dude.
    Today's weather report fortells it to be a slightly cooler day in Orem than the last reports listed here with a high of 88.
    Currently during the morning hours, the temperature is at 76 degrees fahrenheit. Overall, a balmy time of day for Orem.
That's today's weather. This has been Eric, the missed a few days dude, committing and saving.

Weather Report for Aug. 31st 2020 as reported by Eric, the forgot to push his commits yesterday dude.
    Today's weather report is actually chiller than the past few days with the weather slated to only reach a high of 78 degrees today in Orem.
    As of time of writing, we have hit that temperature and it's rather odd feeling cold again in the middle of the summer.
That's today's weather. This has been Eric, the forgot to push his commits yesterday dude, committing and saving and pushing as well.

Weather Report for Sep. 1st 2020 as reported by Eric, the kinda hungry dude.
    Today's weather is expected to be cool once again. Highs are expected to be in the mid 70's for Orem so if you hate even the slightest of cold, it's jacket time.
    As for the weather currently, it is right now a mild 61 degrees fahrenheit in Orem. Plan accordingly for the rest of this cool day and night.
That's today's weather. This has been Eric, the kinda hungry dude, commiting and saving and once again, remembering to push.